1. Source code is the code written by a human to tell a computer what to do, step by step, line by line.
2. Computers are so "smart" because they do EXACTLY what they are told, and execute those orders in a very specific order.
3. Programming languages exist to allow humans to give computers instruction without having to write those instructions in 1's and 0's.
4. JavaScript, C#, Ruby. There are so many because each one can serve a specific purpose better than others.
5. A variable is a container that can hold whatever value the programmer designates. They are valuable because they allow you to assign a value and call it over and over using the variable name, acting as a shorthand. Variable also allow for hte easy manipulation of data.
6. single "=" assigns a value, while "==" compares values
7. double "==" compares values regardless of value type, "===" makes a strict comparison against same values. Using "===" on "2" === 2, for instance, will return false.
8. Developer consoles exist to allow for troubleshooting and decoding in the browser.
9. Conditional statments are IF, THEN, ELSE statements, where IF a condition is met, THEN an action is performed, ELSE another action (or no action) is taken.
10. FOR and WHILE loops are useful for repeating the same procedure over and over again until a CONDITIONAL statement is met. This allows for the reuse of code without having to repeatedly type the same code over and over. These loops are also particularly useful to repeat code a number of times without having to specify how many loops are needed (dealing with growing or shrinking arrays).
11. WHILE loops are preferred when you don't know how many loops will need to be made.
12. FUNCTIONS are lines of code that can be called as needed, as many times as needed. We use functions to keep us from having to repeatedly type out the same code.
13. You can send and receive as many values into a function as exist, so long as your function is prepared to handle this.
14. An array is a dynamic storage container that can hold, receive, and output as many values as needed.
15. A T-Diagram allows us to track variables and their current values, it also allows us to update the values of variables as they progress through the source code.
16. First way to comment "//", second way, "/* */"